welcome to the man of recaps we're
talking The Bachelorette
episode 1 meet Hannah a nice country
girl from Alabama roll tide you might
recognize her from the last season of
The Bachelor she made it pretty far with
Colton but in the end was turned down
but now she's back and ready to find
true love or at the very least make out
with about 30 hot dudes there's a bunch
of fun contestants one jumps the fence
the Box king of Chicago pops out of a
package one guy does a super lame rap
another guy does a super lame rap with a
tractor this dude takes a page out of my
book and brings her a pizza the true way
to a woman's heart
this other guy brings her some mustard
yeah he's going home but it's not all
fun and games tonight one lucky man will
receive the first impression rose Luke P
immediately swoops in for some
one-on-one time the other guys are like
whoa hey is that allowed
it's allowed if you've got muscles like
that he's a workout buff who talks to
God in the shower he comes on real
strong but he's hot so Hannah's into it
guy named Conor makes his move throws
her a bachelorette party they play the
junk in the trunk game it's a good time
but it's a guy named cam who gets the
first kiss he didn't even do anything he
was just like hey can I kiss you
sometimes that works I guess
but watch out one of these guys has a
dark secret and Hanna's friends are
brought in to find the truth turns out
Scott has a girlfriend Oh busted he's
not here looking for love he's just
trying to be on a reality show get the
hell out of that house you dirty bastard
Luke peace what sin again to comfort
Hanna
he's emerging as a clear front-runner
here and indeed Hannah gives him the
first impression rose they start making
out I feel like there should be a no
kissing on the first night roll another
frontrunner is Jed the singer-songwriter
he's pretty good he's no Michael Buble
and then there's my favorite John Paul
Jones he only goes by his full name John
Paul Jones and under his work info he
just put John Paul Jones are already on
night one we have the first rose
ceremony it's not a very intense rose
ceremony because we barely know these
guys in fact some of them didn't even
get to talk to Hannah at all basically
they go home and were ready for an epic
season of The Bachelorette since episode
one was just the intro I'm recapping
double episodes today we've still got a
butt
men in the house and it's time for the
first group date eight of the guys will
have to compete in the mr. right pageant
the first event speedo fashion show if
you're playing the drinking game where
you drink every time a guy gets
shirtless finish that bottle of Rose a
they're all obviously hot but a
front-runner emerges
it's Luke P again yeah this dude's got
some serious muscles but it's not all
about looks how about the talent portion
my boy John Paul Jones can ride a
unicycle obviously Jed sings another
song reiterating that he's pretty good
but no Michael Buble but what's Luke P
gonna do his only talent appears to be
working out he decides to skip the
talent portion altogether and drop an L
bomb I'm genuine alright man it's
episode two slow your roll
but his muscles carry him through he is
crowned mr. right but the Crown's just
for show all that matters is that first
date rose and Hannah passes on Luke and
gives it to Jed the singer alright man
good job next day it's time for the
first solo date and the lucky guy is
Tyler Tyler is an extremely generic guy
I don't remember anything of him from
episode 1 I guess he's just lucky cuz he
gets to go on a sweet ATV ride with Anna
through the mud girl you're wearing all
white what are you doing it's okay the
show pays for dry cleaning
he has an opportunity here to win me
over with some personality but he's just
a very generic nice guy that's good
enough for day two though because Hanna
likes their date and gives him the
safety rose the next day is another
group date the guys are going on a
roller derby here's a question does any
grown man know how to roller skate the
answer seems to be no this guy Dustin's
like hey I'm pretty athletic I can
handle this oh wipeout what a fail
actually twist his ankle has to leave
the game and with him gone the Green
Team takes it Dustin survived his
dramatic injury though and during their
one-on-one time he proved to be a pretty
cool guy so gets a kiss from Hanna and
because injury aside he was still the
best roller skater
he gets the date rose but back at the
mansion some of the guys won't get any
date time this week Kim is not about to
take that sitting down he rushes over to
the date
was not invited to Swoopes write in and
steal some time for himself what the f
bro that's not allowed
cams like hey man ABC always be cam I
hate him Kevin comes in for some
one-on-one time they scream out their
frustration but who should show up
except cam again he's like hey man it's
good I got something for all three of us
he takes them to a rose-petal heart and
feeds Hannah chicken nuggets
I mean chicken nuggets are delicious but
what the f bro take those chicken
nuggets Oh boom chicken nuggets in the
face oh the chicken nuggets sorry if I'm
getting overexcited the chicken nugget
situation was a really big deal while
those guys are fighting
Luke P swoops in for some one-on-one
time hey girl you want a massage
uh yeah obviously how about you take
your shirt off crack open that second
bottle of Rose a and then it's time for
the rose ceremony roses go to most of
the guys we've seen a lot of but when
there's one rose left cam is still Rose
lists was his boldness too much for
Hannah or does she appreciate a man who
takes action excuse me a cam who takes
action wait a man who's always being cam
she does he gives him a rose and cam is
still in the game the guys you don't
remember all go home and that's it for
episode two except what's this Luke P
sneaking in for some more secret
one-on-one makeout he is a clear
front-runner right now can he keep it up
or will being too forward too fast end
up backfiring I'm the man of recaps hit
that subscribe button and tune in next
week for another exciting recap of the
Bachelorette he decides to skip the
talent portion and just go with Hannah I
think I'm falling in love with you
why is he Irish